With the database initialized let's make sure we can store data in there.
So back in the DB jazz file and their helpers folder we can add a new constant insert plays for example
which I export.
And now here I want to get the title of the place I want to get the image you are I want I get the address
and all the latitude and longitude so I want to get all the data that makes up a place in there.
Now I want to insert the place into the database for that we'll use the same store in Texas here so
I can just copy this because I also want to have a promise as a wrapper year so that I can conveniently
use then and catch or async await in the place where I call insert place.
But of course the query I execute now is different.
Instead of creating a table I now want to insert data into the table.
That's done with the insert into command.
Now you need to specify a table and that's places and then between parentheses the fields you want to
target in there.
Of course I want to target all fields except for the I.D. because as I mentioned that will be auto generated
which is very convenient of course.
But I want to target my title field and now you need to make sure you match the names which you set
up there for your columns.
You need to match these names here now.
The order does not have to be the same but the naming is is important.
So one target the title the image you are I am.
That's all the name I chose up there right.
So image your I address.
Latitude and longitude.
And now we need to specify what values should go in there.
You do that by adding the values keyword here after this list of columns you want to target.
And now you have another pair of parentheses here where you specify the values that should go into each
of these columns.
Now the order of values here of course has to match your order of column identifier as you have here.
So the first value you enter here will go into the title image your eye is the second value and so on.
Now what you could do here is you could use of course back ticks instead of single quotes and then for
example inject title here and then have a comma and then the image your eye and so on.
You could do that and it would work but this wouldn't be good.
This is insecure.
It opens a door for attack pattern called sequel injection where users could kind of maybe insert malicious
code in there and run other queries which could break the database.
Of course in this app where it's a local database just on this user's device that might not be super
bad but still you want to defend against us and therefore here you actually use a couple of placeholders
to add question marks here and you need to add as many question marks as you need to enter values.
So here I'm entering five values hence here I have five question marks separated by commas.
Now the concrete values for the question marks are provided in the second argument you pass we execute
sequel does the array of arguments previously would was empty.
Now we fill in the arguments in the order we need them.
So title first then image you are ions on and the sequel package will then swap these question marks
for our values but not before validating them to ensure that such an injection attack can't happen.
So we get some extra automatic validation by using this approach and then we can enter the title here.
Then the second piece of data was the image you or I.
Then we need to address.
Then we need the latitude and then we need the longitude.
So this is how we now pass our data into this query now in these success functions.
As I mentioned the first argument always is like the repetition of your query but the second argument
is then either the error or a here the result of this query.
And here I want to resolve this resolve so that in the place where we call insert plays we can actually
sit and listen to the resolving of the promise and get our a result of this query which should be some
information about the record that was created.
So now we can call insert place and of course the place where I want to call it again is my places actions
fall.
There we move to image there.
I now also want to reach out to my database and add an entry to do that in here first of all let's import
does insert plays method from the helpers folder and there from the D.B. file and with it import it
in at place after solving our filesystem ends on here.
I of course then all those still in the try catch block want to try inserting data into the database
does all the can fail.
So having it in a try block isn't the worst idea.
So here I can call insert place and dad returns a promise because we have our own promise in there so
we can awaits this.
And I get back my DB result there after salt stored isn't a constant and now in their place of course
needs that highlight image your eye and address a latitude and longitude.
Therefore I will forward my title which I already have.
I will forward the new path which is my image your I know for address all use a dummy address because
we have no real atoms yet for latitude.
I'll use a dummy number of 15 6 and 4 long at use let's say twelve dots free.
Now this might be in the middle of the ocean I don't know but at least we have some coordinates here
which we can use for now until we're able to fetch a real location.
Now this D.B. result of course is interesting so let's console log it and let's all day by the way make
sure that we only dispatched his action and therefore touch our redux store if we succeeded with both
the filesystem and the database action.
So instead of the try block and now let's have a look at this now we should be able to store data in
the database.
So let's test this on Android where we can take a image.
This is a test.
Let's take a image here and see where all of that works by now cropping that image and saving this place.
This works.
And here we see some output we see this is the result of our database action.
And we see that one row was a fact that because one row was inserted and we all get back the idea it
was automatically created.
It's a numeric idea here but that's of course no problem.
So now we can all use this idea in our reducer instead of manually creating this state snapshot idea
here.
So that's a tiny improvement.
When we dispatch our action here in the place data I know all we want to provide these I.D. and that
I.D. can be fetched from the DB result constant and there it's in the insert I.D. field here as you
can see.
So let's access insert I.D. here now in the reducer day offer we no longer need to generated like this
instead here we can simply refer to action place data dot I.D..
Now keep in mind there it's a number here I actually want to have a string though you could also keep
a number but I will convert it to a string here with Dad we're now also using that idea we're storing
it in the database of course now it would be nice to load all our data whenever our app restarts because
right now when it restarts the data still is lost.
It's not really lost it isn't a database.
But we don't see it here because we don't load this into our redux store which then of course is the
data we use in the running app.
So we need to make sure we do load the data into the regex store when this app starts.